SCIM: Update docs with the reject_non_provisioned_users flag (#108657)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-scim-provisioning/_index.md

| Setting                        | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                | Default |
| ------------------------------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |
| `user_sync_enabled`            | Yes      | Enable SCIM user provisioning. When enabled, Grafana will create, update, and deactivate users based on SCIM requests from your identity provider.                                         | `false` |
| `group_sync_enabled`           | No       | Enable SCIM group provisioning. When enabled, Grafana will create, update, and delete teams based on SCIM requests from your identity provider. Cannot be enabled if Team Sync is enabled. | `false` |

> | `reject_non_provisioned_users` | No       | Allow only SCIM provisioned users to sign in to Grafana.                                                                                                                                   | `false` |

Reviewer: I think the inverted logic in the explanation is a bit confusing, I think the explanation should match the name of the new setting: 
```suggestion
| `reject_non_provisioned_users` | No       | When enabled, prevents non-SCIM provisioned users from signing in. Cloud Portal users can always sign in regardless of this setting.                                                                                                                                   | `false` |
```

Author: Thanks, I updated the description.
